Update README.md (#75)
Northeastern-Electric-Racing/NER: README.md

View this project on [CADLAB.io](https://cadlab.io/project/23137/master/files). 

# NER
This is the GitHub repo for all code and schematics created for Northeastern's Electric Racing club.

- Arduino: Arduino code for electrical subsystems, mainly the CAN Network

> - Schematics: electrical schematics, created in Altium, viewable in CADlab.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Schematics: Electrical schematics, created in KiCad, viewable online in CADlab.io or in the desktop client
```
